From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number 545. In this episode,
Scott talks with noted humorous
blogger and philanthropist, lovey ajar
about her brand or tech
and her new book. And
sidled, I'm judging you the
do better manual. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. We've got a really
special guest it's lovey Ajay.
How are you? I'm good.
Thank you for having me.
And you know, for folks
that may not have, have
heard or remembered that you
and I had a podcast,
we had a podcast for
like about two years. It
was called ratchet and the
geek and go listen to
it. If it makes you
happy. And we talked about
TV shows and pop culture
and all the kind of
exciting stuff that we share.
I think we ended up
doing 17 episodes and then
it went away and it
went away for a really
good reason. I was really
sad because we were having
a lot of fun, but
then you started to write,
Oh man, my life basically
took off and I stopped
having time. And I never
knew where I was going
to be on any given
day. And traveling with the
equipment was not going to
be possible for me. Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely. You started to
write and how long did
it take you? You just,
you wrote a book and
it's coming out September 13th. When
did you write this book?
Did you write it on
the road? Was this a
book that was written in
airports? Yeah. So my book
is called, I'm judging you
the do better manual. And
I wrote it last year
was traveling to six countries,
four continents across five months,
Man. I thought too, this
is the thing I thought
I did the most. That's
why I'm excited. That's why
I'm excited to have you
on the show. Because when
we met like years ago,
I was like the OGE
blogger and we would compare
traffic. And then I would
watch you make these amazing
moves and you would improve
your writing. You'd improve your
blog. We would change our
templates. You know, I would
change my template. I'd show
you like, look at my
blog template. It looks so
much better. And then you
would show me yours like,
Oh, it looks even better.
And now you've lapped me
completely. Your traffic is your
blog. Traffic is completely off
the charts. I mean, million
people, a million people a
month or more are reading
your blog. It's amazing. I
am so happy for you.
And so excited that people
are gonna be able to
read your book. I'm excited
too, because I've been blogging
for 13 years. So, you
know, it's people were like,
what made you write a
book? I'm like, it was
the next step. It was
the, the organic next step.
I can't, I want to
put people to hold onto
something besides something they can
click on online. Yeah. There's
a physicality to it. I
think you, I knowing you
walking around airports, I bet
you sat in an airport
bookstore and you said I'm
going to be in the
front of the bookstore on
that show. Oh yeah. Every
time I walked by one
of those Hudson news or
Barbara bookstores now I'm like,
I cannot wait until the
first time I walked past
them. My book is sitting
in the window. That is
going to be a cool
moment. Has that happened yet?
That's not gonna happen. Like
I said, it hasn't happened
yet because the book comes
out on the 13th, but
I've got a physical copy
right here and it smells
really good. It smells like
a book. Yes. So that's
a really great point that
you made though. You have
been blogging for 13 years.
And I think when people
see what they perceive as
overnight success, they don't realize
overnight success takes decades. Exactly.
I called myself a 13
year overnight success because people
will see what I've done.
And they're like, Oh my
gosh, you just came out
of nowhere. I'm like, no,
there were many years when
I wasn't getting anything. And
I was wondering if I
was just banging my head
against an invisible wall. So
I think it comes down
to people really understanding that
there are no overnight successes
Too. Do you think that
when people, like I talked
to people about blogging and
they ask me like, how
you do it, that I'm
sure you get the same
thing. You know, you get
fans, you get people who
are excited and you tell
them, well, start blogging for
a year or two and
expect no viewers like blog
for a year and no
one will read it. And
they always laugh. Like, but
you're like, no, that's really
the advice I'm giving you.
Like you're going to blog
for a year and no
one's going to care. Yeah.
I mean, I think people
now they come out the
gate being like, Oh, I'm
going to blog. And I'm
going to make a lot
of money with it. And
instead of them perfecting their
content and ensuring that they're
doing good work, they're so
obsessed on monetizing that they
never get good work done.
I mean, we blogged for
free for a long time.
Long time. Like most of
them, like I've been blogging.
I don't know, like, what
is it now? 15 years?
I would say the first
12 before I got sponsors.
And, and even then the
sponsors are not the kind
of sponsors where I'm going
to, you know, as, as
we say, move out of
my parents' house and get
my own place. Yeah. I
mean, I think for, let
me see, I've been blogging
for 13 years and I
didn't start making money on
it until like 2012. So
nine years of nothing. Exactly.
But you did it for
the love, the love of
writing. And speaking of the
love, you've built this community.
What is the name of
your company? My community is
called love nation. L U
V. Loved him. The movies.
L U V V nation.
Okay. Okay. And these are
all like, they are almost
like you're, you're, you're an
extra arm. Cause they're and
they write for you. They'll
you'll bring up a topic.
They'll talk about it. You'll
ask them if you can
include some of their content
on your blog. And it
is like that collaborative process
where you get to see
the humor from your community,
come out in your blog
posts. That's so Yeah, my
audience is fantastic. They named
themselves loved nation because they
felt like they needed to
have a community name. So
my audience is also really
attached to my voice and
they actually consider themselves long
distance cousins because we've created
this camaraderie and yeah, they
create a content for me
because my audience, you know
how like on the internet,
people say, don't read the
comments. It is the opposite
for me on my blog
and on my social platforms,
you want to read the
comments? Cause these are the
funniest, most thoughtful, most hilarious
people on the internet. Do
you? And you don't have
to, you, they, they self
police. They, they push people
out of me. They definitely
self police. Like I'll show
up and see one hateful
comment that's already been handled.
And they're very protective of
the environment of making sure
that we keep love nation
and all my platforms as
a safe space for people
to come laugh, to come
think, to come say things
that are honest but not
hateful. So yeah, they absolutely
defend it. So you say
all of your different platforms,
how many places are you?
And it all comes together
at awesomely, Lovie, Calm. I
am on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram
on a lesser level. You
were early on in Pinterest.
You did some fairly innovative
stuff in here. I'm on
Pinterest still. So I do
still use Pinterest a little
bit, but I don't hang
out in Pinterest. You know,
like I'll pin something or
sometimes I'll have like a
30 minute downtime where I
just scroll around Pinterest. But
on like Facebook grass sitting
there for hours, Pinterest is
where I just go to
kind of walk by. So
your blog is, is it
running on WordPress or what
do you, what do you
run? All of these, this
system, All my websites all
were pressed so awesome. He
love his own WordPress. My
other blog, awesomely techie, where
I talk about business and
technologies on WordPress, my mothership
site, lovey.org, where it joins
everything together is on WordPress
too. So I've been using
WordPress basically exclusively through past
six years. You know, it
seems a little bit to
me like with people today,
it's not as much a
bright line as it used
to be between techies. And
non-techies like, when I was
coming up, it was pretty
clear like, Oh, you're a
techie. I'm not a techie.
We would self-select and we
would separate each other, but
you're not, you're a programmer,
right? No, but I am
a former designer and I
am, I can, I can
do CSS and slid a
little bit of PHP, but
not enough to call myself
a programmer by long shot.
I think you sell yourself
short though, because you could
probably, you know, sharing, sharing
buttons, upgrading WordPress, putting in
plugins, like this is where
the line gets blurred, where
like everyone's a techie. Now
you, you, you are your
own techie. Yeah. I mean,
I'm a bit of a
techie just because I love
using technology to do good.
And I also love using
technology to just elevate my
business. So in that way,
that's when I, that's why
I learned how to code
on WordPress. That's why I
learned how to customized a
templates. So because it was
for my own selfish reasons,
I didn't want to always
have to pay somebody to
make any slight change to
my website. Absolutely. And that
we say we should for
your own selfish reasons. And
for, for elevating your business,
did you work in an
office and then do this
on the side? Or how
did you like escape the
office? Yeah, so I was
working at a full time
job up until April, 2010 and
I was teaching nonprofits how
to use social media to
tell their stories better and
to show their work. So
God laid off that job.
And I haven't had another
full time job since this
has been my full time
job since yeah. Six years.
Did you, did you doubt
at all? Did you, did
you sit there and your
apartment with your computer and
looking at your page views
and just saying, I don't
know how I'm gonna make
this into a business. Was
there a low point at
all? Oh, absolutely. I didn't
think I was gonna make
it into a business. I
was still looking for other
jobs, but anytime I would
try to get other jobs,
I'd get a new client
to do social media consulting
with, or, you know, I'd
start building somebody else's website
or a brand, we'll say,
Hey, we want you to
do this campaign with this.
So I never got a
chance to get that new
job. Even though every month
I'd be on LinkedIn being
like, okay, let me stop
playing and get a job.
That means that the universe
then is trying to keep
you from working in an
office. Like just when you're
trying to get a job,
the universe brings you a
client, brings you an opportunity.
It was kind of like
pay attention. You're not listening
to me. That's what happened.
And I finally was like,
okay. So I don't think
I'm supposed to be working
in somebody's office. So let's
see if we can make
this thing work And the
numbers keep coming down, like
so large, like I was
looking at your Facebook now
it's almost a quarter of
a million people like this
is legit. Is this the
kind of thing where, you
know how like a story
goes viral and then you
see somebody go from 10,000
to a million to 10 million?
Or is this a little
bit at a time like
slow and steady wins the
race. It's a little bit
at a time. I don't
place ads on Facebook on
any platform really? Because for
me, I think, you know,
one I've been too lazy
to do it, but I
was just, I love that
you, I don't need ads.
And I kinda just watched
so people would, people naturally
just shared my content cause
they thought it was interesting.
So my, my audience, which
has grown that way, so
I've never sh I think
I've, might've done Facebook ad
ever just to test it
out, but I was like,
eh, underwhelmed. So it sounds
like you really believe in
organic content, like, like get
likes by being likable. Absolutely.
I, you know what, my
biggest pet peeve is are
the people who buy followers.
It is, Oh yeah. Can.
So they're actually soft software
software, and people you can
pay who will skyrocket your
followers. But here's the thing.
When you buy followers who
are robots, you don't get
any engagement. So like I've
seen some Facebook fan pages
that have 400,000 followers, but
then they throw up a
picture that can only get
20 likes. Yes. So that's
really that's where are you
chasing page views or are
you chasing on authentic engagement
and comments In that way?
The people who do that
are chasing just the raw.
Hmm. I think that would
you, would you say that
when people are out there
thinking about their page views,
that they really should be
thinking about community? They absolutely
should. They should be thinking
about community and content because
content is still King. It
is still King and still
what matters the most. And
when people ask me, like,
how did you grow your
followers? And I tell them
slowly over time by doing
good work, it sounds like
a con, right? It sounds
like I'm, I'm basically given
them some cliche statement, but
it's absolutely true. I've always
focused on doing work that
I'm proud of and doing
work that is true to
my voice. And that's been
the secret to my success.
It seems like, you know
how they tell you that
you need to like eat
well and sleep well. They
tell you all this stuff
that you need to do
that you know, is good
for you, but it doesn't
like feed you as much.
Like it's like, I just
wanna eat chocolate, but no
eat well. And in 20
years, good things will happen,
right? You're giving us like
the social media strategy for
doing just that, except the
problem is it's not going
to happen tomorrow. Right. And
I think kind of looking
for the shortcut and I
always say, there's no real
shortcut. That's gonna pay off
in the long run because
yes, you can buy followers.
But if you get hired
to do a campaign and
the brand sees that you
only got 20 likes, even
though you have 400,000 Facebook
fans, that brand is not
going to come back to
you to work with you
again. So instead of chasing
all these short term gains,
you might want to be
in it for the longterm
and get the real money.
So you've taken this from
just being a blog, but
you also, you needed to
make money, right? This needs
to make money. Is it
just a matter of banner
ads? Or can you sell,
can you sell things? Can
you sell, you know, swag?
So I pulled all the
ads off my website a
year ago. You have no
ads, no ads on my
website. And I've had the
most profitable year of my
career. And my decision to
pull the ads off my
site was because ads, since
they're so commonplace, now, they
aren't worth as much as
they used to be worth.
So some people used to
pay their rent off their
ads and really have some,
make some money off it.
But over the years, the
value of ads has dropped
considerably. So now I just
do custom campaigns with Brian's
and if they want an
ad on my sidebar, that's
an added value for them
since there are no other
ads to compete with. Ah,
okay. So people can do
like a takeover, Right. But
I still don't even do
those Mo mainly cause I,
again, I always talk to
brands and say, Hey, editorial
content is the best way
I can get your message
out. You know, that's really
interesting because there, there are,
you know, there are brands
that will come to you
or to come to someone
and they'll say, Hey, let's
work with you. And you're
like, really? Why, why should
we work together? It doesn't
seem like a natural thing
at all. You did a
video with bounty that was
like the paper towel people.
And it was cool. Like,
and I don't just say
that because you're my friend
I'm telling you that was
like, wow, how did you
just take paper towels and
turn it into something fun
and authentic and interesting. Wow.
So that bounty ad was
really fun. They came to
me because they wanted to
do this in conjunction with
the Olympics. And they wanted
to kind of match me
with Alison Felix in that
track. And we kind of
built the same cause, and
I don't, I just don't
run, but I do work
out. I just started working
out in April. Cause I
decided I should probably have
healthy heart even though I'm
skinny, but it was important
for me to also make
it, me and bounty is
a product that I use
every single day of my
life. I'm like every day.
So for me, I could
speak very authentically to my
love of bounty and how
I use it every day
and how I use it
when I'm going to the
gym. Cause I'm eating a
bagel. Yeah. See, that was
what I thought was so
funny because it's like, Oh,
there's lovely one and that's
great. She's getting fit. Oh,
there's Larry having a bagel
after the workout. Like I
could see that too. Exactly.
So people who watched who
know me were like, this
was a perfect campaign. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. I did a
thing for Lenovo a while
back and it was kind
of a similar kind of
a deal where it's like,
you know, you can't just
walk in with just any
old brand that you don't
use every day and speak
authentically about. Yeah. You can't
and, and I'm, and I'm
very cognizant of that too.
Like I just got offered
a campaign with like a
movie I don't really watch.
And I told them, I
was like, see, I wouldn't
be able to do this
because I don't really watch
this movie. I haven't watched
the series. I got offered
another campaign from a shoe
company who shoes I do
not like, and I was
like, not, not going to
be able to do it
cause I would not wear
any of those shoes. So
for me, it's important for
my audience to know that
whatever I do, I'm not
just doing it because I'm
getting paid to do it.
I'm doing it because I
actually stand behind it. Yeah,
absolutely. Yeah. I find the
same thing. Like I I'll
recommend like, you know, a
gadget or something and I'll
put an Amazon link and
then Mark that it's a
referral link or whatever. But
people know like if you
build up that trust over
years, it's like, I'm telling
you that this, this iPhone
case or this router or
this, you know, whatever is
legit and trust me, you're
whole you're you're, you're standing
behind it. Right? Yeah, absolutely.
So you, you also sell
like swag and stuff. Those,
the swag though comes the
tee shirts and mugs, it
comes from like saying that
you've developed over time because
you have to like find
a voice or is this
like who you have always
been? This is who I've
always been, which makes my
life a little bit easier
because if I was writing
in a voice that was
not really mine. And I
had to think about it
too hard. I probably would
not be writing this often
or I probably wouldn't even
be at the level I'm
in because I just wouldn't
love it as much as
I do. So this has
always been me and people
who read my blog and
know me in real life
will say like, I actually
heard your voice when I
was reading words, which lets
me know. Yes, I am
showing who I am. Yeah.
Cause you're doing it right.
Like if you think about
Stephen Colbert or we're all
still freaking out because it's
like, wait a second. He
wasn't that guy like, well,
who is this guy? Like?
Right, right. Yeah. I'm looking,
I'm just sitting here scrolling
through some of your, some
of your things that you
have a website called tees
in the trap where you've
got all of your different
travel mugs and stuff. And
one of the things that
I, that you've always done,
as long as I've known
you is spelling words, phonetically
like the way I like
to say that you spell
words the way it feels
in your mouth. Yeah. That's
exactly. You know what I
mean? Like even in your
book, like I'm looking at
your book right here at
the end of it, you
talk about how, you know,
you thank you and everything.
And you talk about how
God is good and you
say he's, God is good
all the time. And you
spell it like all a
T H a and all
the time, all caps. Because
that's exactly how it feels
in your mind. You like
that. You can use them.
Let's do that. Cause that's
a great way to put
it into how I presented
on paper. And it's so
funny because a couple years
ago, when you started doing
this, like in earnest, the
spellcheck people would show up
and they missed the joke.
Yeah. Yeah. So the newbies
still be like, wait, what?
And I'm like read the
glossary, understand what is happening
here. I know the rules
of English. That's why I
can break them. Okay. We
know the rules you can
break. Well, and that's the
thing about good writing though,
right? I mean, do we
need to put stuff in
Italax to show people that
we're spelling it wrong and
we know, do you need
like roll with it? Like
we know English, let's assume
that if you've written a
book that you, you know,
have a good understanding of
the language and now you're
playing with the language and
that's, what's so fun is
the play exactly. It's the
bending of the rules. And
you know, I think people
read it and they laugh
because they're like, Oh yeah.
Cause when you read it
out loud, you're like, that's
exactly how I said it.
So I'm looking at the
book, I've got an advanced
edition, says I'm judging you.
And there's a picture of
a red lollipop on the
front. And he looks like
he's judging me. He's got
a side eye. Yes. That
is judgey. Pop has a
name and an Instagram account
now because yes. Does he
pop as his own instincts
when a boy or girl
does it matter Is whatever
you want it to be.
And it has its own
Instagram account because people will
not take the actual lollipop
with them to have adventures
and they take it around
the world. So it's been
to London, it's been to
Vienna. It's been to the
San Francisco MoMA. So I
plan on having judgy pop,
come with me around the
world. Whenever I go out
the country myself next, next
year, This is like the,
like the garden gnome. But
it's so much better because
the garden gnome just smiles.
When you take them around.
I love that. I can
actually see people and then
judge them. Exactly. And it's
really fun because I always
see somebody, I always see
what people tag to it
on Instagram now. So like
they have their babies holding
it. Cause you know, babies
are super judgy. Babies are
judging and people don't even
know Exactly like babies are
the best thing that would
cause they just look at
you like you should do
better. So, So, so when,
when people see this, there's
someone there's going to be
someone out there who's going
to take this seriously. And
like I'm judging you the
do better manual, but it's
both serious and funny. I
mean, it's, it's hilarious to
the entire book, but at
the same time you are
telling people to do better
and you are judging them.
Yeah. And I'm judging myself
along with them. Cause you
know, like things like the
fact that I can't be
on time for anything, I
kicked off the book with
that, you know, this book,
it's kind of the conscience
of culture. It's, it's the
good angel on our shoulder.
That's kinda like, Hmm. You
should probably do better. Should
probably not be a hateful
person. You should probably be
a little bit more gentle
with yourself. And while you're
at it, you should probably
leave this world a little
bit better than you found
it. Yeah, absolutely. You go
through you, you cover everything
in this book. Now you
broken it up into a
couple of sections. You've got
life, culture, social media and
fame. And you definitely, it's
interesting because I see pictures
of you online with famous
people all the time, including
my girl Lupita, you need
to get a message to
her from me. But, but
you also talk about this
thing called microwave fame. Yeah.
Do you think that like,
are we going from like,
is it 15 minutes of
fame? Like what was it?
Who's the guy that said
that. I can't remember who
said it, but like in
the future, everyone will want
their 15 minutes of fame.
Yeah. Who was that? Andy
Warhol. Right? That's happening though.
Like people want to be
famous just cause they think
that, Oh, I, I invented
this word or I did
this vine. Now give me
a TV show. You know,
that's become a thing that
actually is kind of weird
because people are now doing
anything they can to famous,
which is a problem. Yeah.
I mean, because they'll take
foolishness and then just put
it online or they'll, they'll
like, gosh, they've been some
horrible things where people have
been, you know, berating their
kids and putting it online.
And it's like you say
here that the internet has
normalized this culture of dishonesty.
It has because now everyone
is like, Oh my gosh,
what can I throw up
on Instagram to be famous
today? What can I do
to get everyone's attention? Even
if it's not really what
I'm supposed to be doing.
So that is something that
I'm seeing that I'm hoping
we get to pull in
a little bit. Yeah. Like
if you think about what
was the swimmer say, I'm
actually, I'm actually consciously forgetting
the swimmer's name because I
don't want to give him
any more fame, but you
know, the one that goes
and doesn't get, doesn't get
robbed in, in Rio, you
know, he was probably just
trying to like subconsciously just
be more famous, like, Oh
this will be a great
story. I'll just tell everyone
and I'll be more famous
and it'll be hilarious. I'll
go on the tonight. You
know, the today show and
talk about it. Yeah. It's
kind of ridiculous. The lens
we would go to to
get attention. It's so ridiculous.
And I'm hoping that like,
we, we stop rewarding this
behavior. It's hard though, because
you know, even with kids,
they'll put a video on,
on Instagram and they'll wait,
you know like, Oh, I've
got three likes. I can
four likes. I don't know.
I don't know if I
want my kids online. If
that's what we're sending them
into a world of, I
want them to go into
like love nation. I want
them to go into a
loving community, not a community
that is just going to
reward that. Well, I also
think it's important for you
to have a strong sense
of self. So because the
internet can, can mold you
into who it thinks you
should be. If you're a
strong person who knows who
you are, what your core
values are, you're able to
deal with some of these
temptations and the like culture
better. But if you're kind
of like, I don't really
know, then it's going to
eat you up Steep because
yeah, if you, if you
enter the internet as just
a piece of clay, like
it depends on who you
bump into first. Exactly. Who
who's there to mold your
Play-Doh. So yeah. So you
are going to go on
tour and how many cities
are you going to hit?
I am currently scheduled to
hit like 14 cities. I
don't, I don't know how
you do it. You gotta
be tired. Oh man. That's
why I'm sitting down for
the next two weeks before
the book launches to kind
of get my breath back.
Because once this fall starts,
it's going to be nuts.
Do you feel like this,
the book launch is going
better than, than you thought?
I mean, like I knew
it was going to go
go well, but I've been
seeing famous people on the
online with your book and
it's not the kind of
famous people where like someone
gave them a book and
said, take a picture. It's
like they are legitimately interested
in your book. You like
Amy Poehler with your book.
I saw Ava DuVernay with
your book. I saw Shonda
Rhimes with your book. Yeah.
Yeah. It's it's, it's been,
it's actually blown my mind.
Cause I didn't expect the
feedback that it would be
getting to be so good.
And that's, that was basically
let's move that. I did
something really good here. You,
you, you touched on a
nerve, like there was a
vacuum out there and that
this book was wanted and,
and you know, maybe the
world didn't even know they
wanted the book. Right. And
I think it was also
the right time for it.
Cause there's a lot happening
right now that people kind
of want to talk through
and people have the frustrations
about, so it's kind of
right on time. You realize
of course that like, they're
going to want like part
two. Some people have been
asking me about part two.
I'm like, Oh my God.
It's not even now. Oh
yeah. People talk about some
part too. I'm like, Oh
man. Well part two would
be like, I'm still judging
you. You continue to disappoint.
Right. You continue to just
do, haven't done better. I'm
back. Oh my goodness. Yeah.
It's true though. Did you
write this all in one,
like sitting or is this
one of those like 500
words a day for several
months? Like, cause I need,
you know, I've been working
on my relationship book for
as long as I've known
you, but I just, what
is, what is the trick?
Well, I got to just
drink a lot of coffee.
How did you do it?
And, and a and B
having a contract with a
deadline that says you would,
you, you have to do
this by this day. But
also I think I wrote
a book proposal that gave
me clarity on what this
book needed to be about.
So when it was time
for me to write it,
I had 17 pages of
chapter summaries already to refer
back to if I had
any type of block, but
having an outline beforehand paid
off by dividends because I
had a strong sense of,
okay, this is what I'm
going to do next. This
is what the next chapter
is going to be about
already. So I think you
might need to have a
planning session with yourself as
opposed to just writing blindly.
Oh, okay. That's a really
good point. You're right. Because
if you do go out
there and just like, Hey,
I'm gonna write a book.
I got the book in
me. I'm just going to
slap the keyboard in the
book's gonna pop up. It's
not, you have to, like,
I wrote an outline first.
And then I wrote my
chapter summaries and then the
book came out of those,
like in the chapter summary
in the outline are probably
about 70% accurate to what's
in the book. Really? Yeah.
It was pretty, it was
pretty dead on. So that
flushing out process it's just
is so important. It is.
It is. It's what is
going to make the difference
between you finishing and you
just spend in time still
typing random words. Yeah. You
know, I just clicked on
Amazon. Do you know? It
still says number one release
in humor and literary criticism.
That is cool. Oh man.
Like, you know how sometimes
people will like a book
will come out and then
they'll take the screenshot of
the five that the book
is at number one because
you know, it, it, this
has been sitting here for
awhile. Yeah. It's actually been
doing pretty well on Amazon
for a bit. So that's
cool. You know, you need
to actually get up here
and take a screenshot because
the top three hot new
releases and humor. Oh that's
okay. Wow. I'll take a
screenshot because it is your
paperback, your audible book and
your Kindle edition or all
the hot new release right
now. That is dope. I
did not know. That was
the thing. And then yeah,
I'll put the link right
here and then somebody, you
know, some sad person. Wow.
That's cool. I didn't even
notice that. That's great. I'm
really, I'm just so happy
for you. This is going
to be huge. I, I,
you know, what's and also,
you know, what's crazy. It's
already getting TV. It's already
getting TV attention. You mean
like being on the today
show or something? Are you
going to have a TV
show? No, like it's already
like two people have already
reached out to my agent,
like, Hey, are off auction,
no option in rights available
for this book. Wow. How
would you do that? Like,
would you make a, would
it be like a comedy,
like a, you imagine a
talk show or you mean
like, like, like someone else
is going to play Lovie?
I don't know, but yeah.
So That'd be crazy. It
could be like the Carmichael
show or something and you
could be the middle person,
right? The main point. But
you know what? I don't
really necessarily want to act.
I would rather write a
show than be the person
acting in it. You know
what people would want to
see you though? I mean,
you could just please be,
you just play yourself true
and then let everyone else
play around you. True. I'm
just saying that could work
because the only place person
I can please myself. Well,
you remember that if you,
you know, when it comes
time to cast, if you
need white Scott to come
by, I'll be the neighbor.
So people can check this
out at I'm judging you
book.com. Or if you just
go on Google for lovey
L U V I E
you will be a click
away from, from learning about
lovey buying her book and
checking out 13 years of
amazing content and this special
book, which is coming out
September 13th. Thanks so much for
chatting with me. Thanks, Scott.
Chancel. This has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.